29786 ship light dark (#30244)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/color_value/index.md

  - [Oklab](https://bottosson.github.io/posts/oklab/) color space: {{CSSXref("color_value/oklab", "oklab()")}}, {{CSSXref("color_value/oklch", "oklch()")}};
  - Other color spaces: {{CSSXref("color_value/color", "color()")}}.
- By mixing two colors: {{CSSXref("color_value/color-mix", "color-mix()")}}.

> - By specifying two colors, the first representing light-mode and second representing dark-mode: {{CSSXref("color_value/light-dark", "light-dark()")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By specifying two colors, the first used for light color-schemes and the second used for dark color-schemes: {{CSSXref("color_value/light-dark", "light-dark()")}}.
```
as this has to do with color-scheme not just user preference, this edit may be more accurate ...
